Mitchell Chen.
huhhu
Okay.***
I don't know how many times I have to tell you just text to us.
Because I think you guys have a chance. Like a big chance.
Like, I wouldn't be invested otherwise. Like, I'm investing my time, my effort.
Not my money, but my time and my effort.
I almost did. I almost invested $20 into this relationship.
And so I'm hoping there's payout for me. And the payout comes from you.
Say something
Ah.. Well, I'll bet on the 25%
I would, but on the next part
What? Middle of life
What do you want to know? mm
In year, give me like something specific
I don't believe in ***stages
No, the moment you say situation shift, that just means like...
Like, it's not going well. Just like, stop talking.
Thank you, Ash. I actually stole that from a TikTok that you reposted.
Yeah, huh
I was like, wait, this is so true. I like I like stole it.
yeah
mm? yeah
Like, Uno, maybe.
one
No. No, you totally know who it is.
So, you know the person
Not personally, and
who?
wait
huh?
Oh, huhu
Bro, How will I go?
I'll think, I'll coa.
I wasn't talking about him.
That makes two of them. But it was his birthday recently.
And I was I was going to text him happy birthday.
They're that's kind of weird yeah
You know how it gets me like a dog. It's so embarrassing.
I gave him a note right and then
Well, he never found out who it was. He doesn't know it was me.
look it's, it's just some random stranger that he like doesn't know like weird
Like, I followed him. Like till I'm probably looks weird
Justice says
Okay, so... so...
That's not how is. He was like...
He's really like expressive.
Alen fork, like he makes like
He's like you, but like, more expressive.
Yeah. And he smiles a lot.
okay stop stop you don't believe me
You can't though, it's really bad.
Graduated
Graduated. Huhuhuh
Could be Graduated
A class
One of them.
Recently enough
Wait, this sounds really bad. It was last year. Yeah
And I feel like if I lie about what year you graduated, that makes it worse.
Yeah, so last year
mhm
Wait, please don't try to guess it either. That's embarrassing.
Don't try to guess who it is. That's really embarrassing for me.
I think you do. At least in name. Like you don't know who it is.
who it is
no
yeah
Aws Awesomes, Awesomeness.
And and what? And what?
who?
which